# sqlalchemy-challenge
<p>For this challenge we will explore and analyze some climate data from Hawaii. Using the sqlalchemy library we will connect and reflect the Station and Measurement tables into classes and make a reference to them to use to make all of our queries for analysis.
<p>First we'll create a dataframe for the date and precipitation for the most recent year's worth of data. Then we will use this dataframe to create a line graph of rainfall over the course of this listed year. When we take a closer look at this graph we can see which months might be better to visit Hawaii based on how much it will rain in the given month.
<p>Next we explore stations. We find out how many stations there are and how many datapoints each station lists. We discover the most active station from this count of datapoints. After seeking out the most active station we find its minimum, average, and maximum temperature observations and plot these results in a histogram. The histogram helps us clearly view the temperature results so if we would like to base our visit to Hawaii on what temperature we prefer this will show us the frequency of these temperatures. Right around the 75-degree range is the most frequently occuring bin of temperatures.
<p>From the data we observe in the exploratory analysis and code, we could ask more questions - for example - How many days occur with no precipitation? What month(s) do they occur in? How does the precipitation data differ from the very first year of data observered in these tables compared to the most recent year? And for temperature frequency - Which months (dates) during the year have the ideal frequently occuring temperature of 75-degrees?
<p>All of our analysis is reflected in Flask through our app.py and the start and end dates can be custom entered to show the temperature statistics for that particular day / time of year. 
<br><h1>🌊 🏄 🐳</h1>